hello guys with you jed and today
return bye-poling for a long time
I have not recorded large packs in Nings yet
and now I decided to renew due to
so that i bought avermedia now i will
write with playstation today you
10 packs of 25,000 and 10 packs of
8 500
well let's start by showing 8 500
so here we have opened this pack and
we have nothing useful for him 2 pac
silver
Immediately started great what about
it will be there will be suga nig
let's see how much it costs it
worth it is very good indeed
20,000 current it costs about 30,000
excellent excellent first went like
is said
3 silver pack
on the cover of lionel messi of paki
silver pack with lionel messi on
the cover is not clear why on silver
packs depict gold players here too
falls out
heat yeah silver pack with tim
howard
gutierrez
this guy had one from past efim
finally opened poh on the cover
Antoine grizzmann of party will shit and
here we got some chad
nothing worth another pack
Left the place is the longest until polling
because every pack I have to
open for about a minute until everything from
lag and here bartsalyi cotinho of he
interesting let's silver fact opened
Does this mean right away that there will be
something good yes both falls
Ignazio Abate how much does it cost now
how much does it cost now it costs a hundred
thousand plus 130 120 is the most awry
player guys today i'm not so much
I am glad because I am yesterday at
rejoiced i caught so much mod move
just incomprehensibly mind caught all
fashionable in an hour
if not seen watch the video on my
channel and chase the abbot falls this
really one of those players for the sake of
which people sit and open
silver instead of gold packs and we he
falls into premium packs so silver
until became all just two
on the cover of antoine grizzmann and in a pack
will fall on the murillo here if I perform a rel
it would certainly be much nicer
but this guy is useful to me shown
in the
you know for yourself why I need it
save
antoine grizzmann let's some in
form of what would be straightforward for the beauty of kelvin
kelvin
this guy now costs about 20 thousand
dream 14 hi-fi
he was worth the rest because it was in
wonder five stars killer dubai
I don’t know the video now who we cut and
just the same and for whom we cut now
kelvin is cheaper than last staphy
dumbia by the way dumbia falls this
up to 20,000 20,000 dumbia
just guys it was actually
last pack as you can see opened up
four and a half million today
we fell so dumbiya fell
kelvin both so wat s and thirst
its certainly for me
the silver packs turned out to be more
tatar than gold today
subscribe to the channel buy coins
I always have the lowest prices in the group
as usual on all platforms with you was
Jed bye bye